supposedly Cousteau and his cronies
invented the idea of putting
walkie-talkies into the helmet we made
ours with the special rabbit ear on the
top so we could pipe in some music the
Belafonte and home to teamcc scaled crew
of deep-sea divers adventurers
documentary filmmakers action led by
internationally renowned oceanographer
Captain Steve system expert on every
aspect of marine life swab leeches
everybody check for twelve wishes nobody
else got hit I'm the only one with steel
but there remains one form of life about
which captain Zissou knows very little
you're supposed to be my son right I
want you on Team Zissou dances yes well
it's got to be already a red cap in a
speedo
this will be Team Zissou is most
ambitious adventure to date I'm gonna go
on an overnight drunk and in ten days
I'm gonna set out to find a shark that
ain't my friend and destroy it will do
be the scientific purpose of killing it
revenge you must swear legally swear
that you won't kill that shot split into
two groups
I'll take ned ogata and wolodarsky
thanks thanks a lot for not picking me
looking led on an illegal suicide
mission I'm gonna fight you Steve oh you
never say I'm gonna fight you Steve you
just smile and act natural and then you
sucker-punch
are you finding what you were looking
for out here with me
I hope so
quiet out there tonight can you hear the
jack whale singing beautiful wonder what
they're saying well that was the sludge
tanker over there but there you go